[DOCS] Update tab-widgets internal links to external (#19947)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/tab-widgets/start.asciidoc

// tag::deb[]

> :beatname_url: {beats-ref-root}/{beatname_lc}/{branch}

Reviewer: This can't be added here as it doesn't resolve for the attributes that are used in tagged regions elsewhere. This needs to be added everywhere that attribute is used.

@dedemorton, I know you were against putting this in the docs repo initially (and I was too after hearing your argument), but maybe we can put it in the docs repo with a big comment around it saying not to use it for external book linking? I'm struggling to think of a better option

```suggestion
:beatname_url: {beats-ref-root}/{beatname_lc}/{branch}
```

Reviewer 2: I think it *should* work because the `beatname_url` attribute is only referenced in the widgets right? 

At any rate, I can see that including it in the widget adds a LOT of repetition, so I think you're probably right. Put it in with the other shared attributes and mark it clearly. 

@EamonnTP Sorry to give you the run around on this, but I think Brandon is right.

Reviewer: As it turns out, @dedemorton, you were right 😄

["source","sh",subs="attributes"]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
sudo service {beatname_pkg} start
----------------------------------------------------------------------

// tag::initd-note[]
NOTE: If you use an `init.d` script to start {beatname_uc}, you can't specify command

> line flags (see {beatname_url}/command-line-options.html[Command reference]). To specify flags, start {beatname_uc} in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
line flags (see {beats-ref-root}/{beatname_lc}/{branch}/command-line-options.html[Command reference]). To specify flags, start {beatname_uc} in
```

Reviewer: Ignore this comment
